NBCR-2023-003: Update the sign protocol by replacing deprecated BC UR (#7)
ngraveio/Research: papers/nbcr-2023-003-crypto-sign.md

- Sender address
- Receiver address
- Amount
- Fee

Smart contracts decoding on Tezos are not addressed in this document.

## II - 5. Other blockchains transactions

There are no existing signing protocol based on UR types for other blockchains (at the time of writing). This document introduces the signing of MultiversX and Stellar transactions as examples for the blockchain-agnostic `crypto-sign-request` and `crypto-signature` UR types introduced.

### Integration with the generic UR types registry

- **MultiversX and Stellar sign request**

> A MultiversX transaction is uniquely identified thanks to `crypto-coin-identity` UR type, i.e. ed25519 as elliptic curve and 508 as coin type. Identically, a Stellar transaction is identified by `with ed25519 as elliptic curve and 148 as coin type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A MultiversX transaction is uniquely identified thanks to `crypto-coin-identity` UR type, i.e. ed25519 as elliptic curve and 508 as coin type. Identically, a Stellar transaction is identified with ed25519 as an elliptic curve and 148 as a coin type.
```

| Near (NEAR) | `near-sign-request` | `near-signature` | [Sender wallet](https://support.keyst.one/3rd-party-wallets/near-wallets/sender-wallet-extension) |
| Tezos (XTZ) | `xtz-sign-request` | `xtz-signature` | No known wallet |

> The signing communication protocol is fully compatible with existing proposals and implementations based on UR types for several blockchains (e.g. Bitcoin with [[BCR-2021-001]](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Research/blob/master/papers/bcr-2021-001-request.md), Ethereum with [[EIP-4527]](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4527), Solana with [[solana-qr-data-protocol]](https://github.com/KeystoneHQ/Keystone-developer-hub/blob/main/research/solana-qr-data-protocol.md#sending-the-unsigned-data-from-wallet-only-wallet-to-offline-signer) and Tezos with [[TZIP-25]](https://gitlab.com/tezos/tzip/-/blob/master/proposals/tzip-25/tzip-25.md)). For the blockchains without reference implementation (examples with MultiversX and Stellar), this document proposes new UR types as communication layer via QR code between a watch-only wallet and an offline signer to sign transaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signing communication protocol is fully compatible with existing proposals and implementations based on UR types for several blockchains (e.g. Bitcoin with [[BCR-2021-001]](https://github.com/BlockchainCommons/Research/blob/master/papers/bcr-2021-001-request.md), Ethereum with [[EIP-4527]](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4527), Solana with [[solana-qr-data-protocol]](https://github.com/KeystoneHQ/Keystone-developer-hub/blob/main/research/solana-qr-data-protocol.md#sending-the-unsigned-data-from-wallet-only-wallet-to-offline-signer) and Tezos with [[TZIP-25]](https://gitlab.com/tezos/tzip/-/blob/master/proposals/tzip-25/tzip-25.md)). For the blockchains without a reference implementation (examples with MultiversX and Stellar), this document proposes new UR types as a communication layer via QR codes between a watch-only wallet and an offline signer to sign transactions. 
```
